The Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group recruited mainly from Afro-Arab Abbala tribes in the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan, form one of the
The Host city of Islam, Mecca, is most accessible from Jeddah, a major gateway that able-bodied Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot may be an opening in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
A successful neurosurgeon had a particularly busy day earlier today, when he was expected to start his next project with the rest of his schedule on Saturday.
The tarantula, the sly animal, spun a black cord and fastened it to the ball, fleeing to east of the lagoon, and exerting all of
He died there on January 13, 888, six weeks after.
The coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea share some similarities with them in terms of culture.
The winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000 has also been granted the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Dancers often perform intricate chores, including playing the sogo, a small drum with minimal sound, after the drummers.
The primary components of the mission are two: the Cassini orbiter, created by NASA and named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassidy, and
Alessandro ("Sadra") Mazzola, an Italian football player, was born on 8 November 1942.
Initially, it was assumed that the debris from the collision was that filled the smaller craters.
Graham completed his BA in anthropology degree at Wheaton College in 1939 and graduated in 1943.
The BZ and the Freedom Party have differing opinions, with the latter advocating for a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty and opposing an EU-Withdrawal.
Many species had disappeared by the late 1800s due to European settlement.
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame welcomed Wexler as a member in 1987.
A white powder is the result of pure dextromethorphan.
Admission to Tsinghua is very competitive.
NRC is now structured as a separate, independent organization.
It is located on the Baltic Sea coast, surrounding the town of Stralsund.
The 1982 edition of Sports Illustrated recognized him as the "Sportsman of the Year."
Many racquet sports have their roots in the British sport of fives.
King Bhumibol's birthday will be marked by yellow decorations throughout Thailand, as seen in the picture.
The National Museum of Scotland combined the two names in 2007, leading to their closure.
However, Tagore copied many styles, including northern New Irish craft, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada (British Columbia), and woodcuts by Max Pe
The Peace Corps was proposed by Presidential candidate John F. Kennedy on the steps of Michigan Union on October 14, 1960.
The Great Performances at the White House series, presented by the Public Broadcasting Service in 1988, featured her singing for President Reagan.
After dropping a Diving elbow over Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) with his partner Terri, Perry Saturn won the WWF European Championship (8:10) and climbed back to
After leaving the United States in 1927, she and her husband went back to France.
The Voyager 2 probe captured images of Despina in the latter part of July 1989.
The first Grand Prix motor racing championship of Italy was held at Brescia on 4 September 1921.
Two collections of short stories, titled The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales, were also finished by him.
The Voyager 2 images capture Ophelia as an extended object with the primary axis facing Uranus.
The British resolved to take the land and kill him.
The time in some towns along the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, from the South Australian border to Caiguna, does not follow the official time.
Decorative arts include mosaics and inlays made of small pieces of colored and iridescent shell to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The Palos Verdes Peninsula includes other cities such as Rancho PaLOS Verdas, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rollinger Hills.
Clank, fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy, asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark in an attempt to stop him.
It is not really a disease.
He encourages the adoption of a user-centered design approach in product development cycles and actively promotes interaction design as gaining mainstream attention.
The other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you could be involved in a plot against someone who is not from your location, according to theory.
The First Scientific Committee to Review the Scientific Issues on Climate and Change within the IWG.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebro by the Minch, Little M inch, and Sea of Mutton, which are the
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Ortón on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, an organization within the IAU, is responsible for overseeing the formal identification of minor planets using number-name combinations.
Wind shear activity increased dramatically by the beginning of September 30, leading to a weakening trend.
A nugget of data, known as a nucleus, can be found within each entry's backing store.
Hence, even though most mosques do not impose rules, all individuals permitted to enter the premises must follow certain regulations.
Brian Jacques' 1991 fantasy novel, Mariel of Redwall,
Ryan Prosser, a rugby union player, was born on 10 July 1988 and plays for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Like previous assessment reports, it is composed of four reports with three coming from working groups.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, works as a nuclear physics professor at the University of Paris, and their grandson, Pierre Jolicot,
This stamp continued to be used as the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign, and a large number of letters were printed.
The International Fight League, an American competition, was advertised as the first MMA league in the world.
A flagellated protozoan parasite, Giardia lamblii is a colony and an organism that can reproduce in the small intestine.
Cameron's role in the Left Behind: The Movie, Left behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left At War, which starred Cameron "Buck" Williams, is one of many
The area east of the Vistula River's mouth, which was sometimes called "Prussia proper" in later times, was located in this area.
Following his graduation, he went to the local Conservatory to instruct and subsequently was appointed as the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The Gospel of Matthew, and in particular the Gospel (Luke) tells the story of Christmas.
The Chichester Cathedral authorities took action against Weelkes due to his excessive drinking and reckless behavior.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills. Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson. Sue Cleaver. Carol Thatcher. Paul
The Voyager 1 space probe captured images of Jupiter on March 5, 1979, and was later found by Stephen P. Synnott.
The Spanish radio show Gomaespuma was hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance's website published an official release date on 16 June 2009.
He belongs to 183 Club, another boy band that is Jungiery.
Hippolytus, a theologian, is said to have created the Apostolic Tradition, which records the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia
Upon receiving his letter of confidence, Rollo pledged loyalty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and committed to protecting the northern part of France from any hostile Viking invasions.
The source of this is Voice of America (VoA) Special English.
Shirley Temple, a 10-year-old child actress, presented Disney with ten (minus five) and seven (mine) miniature Oscar statuettes.
The first asteroid was discovered by a craft.
The canton of Graubünden in Switzerland has the administrative district of Hinterrhein.
The Czech Republic still refers to it as Bohemian Switzerland.
The representation of 220 (1,048,576) bytes as 1 MB (megabyte) adds up to a headache for consumers.
Many articles have been written about the incident in regard to ethical issues in scholarship.
Castration can induce the animal to become more gentle or gain weight at a faster rate.
Seventh sons are known for possessing powerful "knacks", while seventh son's of seventhsons have the rare and powerful (when cast out of the womb) power
The 2012 version's 53 minute installation time, 32 second scan time and 7 MB memory utilization rated by PassMark Software are based on version 1.1, 1.4, and 1.5 by
Located in Tuscany, Volterra is a town.
In the past, it was believed that itch and pain were not separate experiences until recent research found that, although similar to pain, 'itch has very different characteristics than pain.
The tongue's snout is sticky due to the presence of mucous, which is rich in glycoproteins and helps prevent movement in and out of the  mush and
The Starr Gate loop loop derailed on 30 May 2006 during earlier trials of the same tram.
Outside the ground, there are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, who have served as managers of Ipswich Town and England in the past.
Determine the square root of the characteristic.
Food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages and a live rock band performance were given to attendees by volunteers.
A commune called Vouvray-sur-Huisne is situated in the Sarthe department of north-western France, which is also known as Pays-de-la-L
If land use is not regulated, a bypass becomes largely occupied as buildings are constructed around it, making it essentially resemble southwestern bypass roads, and it may eventually over
Those who plan to visit Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland can do so from this point as well.
Pain is commonly associated with bruises, but they are generally not a danger.
The information on or linked to this website is not yours to be taken to and cannot be trusted by any individual, organization, person, or institution associated with Wikipedia.
As Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover (who later became George I of Great Britain), Handel also served in this capacity.
Their eyes are rather small and their vision very poor.
Only chitin is capable of competing as a biological material in toughness.
Oregano is an important element in Greek cooking.
National Rail, the Docklands Light Railway, and Oyster card are all types of tickets that can be bought for.
Although he made and published his own pieces, the majority of his larger woodcuts were commissioned pieces.
The historical method involves the use of primary sources and other evidence to research and write history, and it also follows specific guidelines.
The continental icecap's mass on top of Lake Vostok may help explain the high concentration of oxygen.
The population of the area was 89,148 as of 2000.
Being capable of reading but lacking the motivation to read is referred to as aliteracy (or alliter-spelled literate).
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that has been developed for use in pharmaceuticals.
Following that, the creature will fall and sink back into the river's bottom to process its food and await its next meal.
